Husband, look at this photo of Jiang Wen when he was a child.
I have photos of dessert hours on my phone,
When you laugh, the smallest confusion is exactly the same.
This is the same person, come on?
You agreed in the photo that you should no longer call me Jiang Wen.
Time to order dessert?
Oh, you can come back,
The stone in our hearts has fallen to the ground.
Your hardware, his coffee.
Okay, I remember that when I was a kid, I hated bitter things the most.
Behind the scenes of cleverness and strength,
Everyone also joked that his name is Tian Nian
So I can’t bear the hardship
Why didn’t my lover even drink bitter coffee to your sister now?
It's great that you can come back and eat
I'll do it later, sweet
Things from childhood
How much do you remember